to Philippine home 5 4 3 2 I'm following
up on a story about a certain
pharmaceutical company doing some
experiments on a virus padeen 0 1 pc
virus went missing from one of our labs
three months ago we now believe it is
serviced here it's a vaccination for
this virus there's no cure to talk about
guys
nobody will learn I mean my feeling tell
me dad she has something
Girona what will the people who come on
tomorrow give me the picture wire
Astrodome welcome to corny
I should make my muscle tighten up or to
could
so we give you a chance to feel that way
to feel like alcohol
you have no right to decide who's gonna
live and who's gonna die